com/shalitha/app/databinding/ActivityNewsDetailPageBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ActivityNewsDetailPageBinding
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ActivityNewsListingPageBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ActivityNewsListingPageBinding
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ActivityHomePageBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ActivityHomePageBinding
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ItemBreakingNewsListingBindingImpl.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ItemBreakingNewsListingBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ItemTopNewsListingBindingImpl.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ItemTopNewsListingBindingImpl
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ActivitySignUpBindingImpl.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ActivitySignUpBindingImpl
com/shalitha/app/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.shalitha.app.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/shalitha/app/BR.java
 com.shalitha.app.BR
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ActivityLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ActivityLoginBindingImpl
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ItemShimmerTopNewsListingBindingImpl.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ItemShimmerTopNewsListingBindingImpl
com/shalitha/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.shalitha.app.BuildConfig
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ItemTopNewsListingBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ItemTopNewsListingBinding
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ItemBreakingNewsListingBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ItemBreakingNewsListingBinding
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ItemShimmerBreakingNewsListingBindingImpl.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ItemShimmerBreakingNewsListingBindingImpl
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ItemShimmerTopNewsListingBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ItemShimmerTopNewsListingBinding
com/shalitha/app/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.shalitha.app.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.shalitha.app.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.shalitha.app.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/shalitha/app/databinding/BottomSheetDialogApplyFilterBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.BottomSheetDialogApplyFilterBinding
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ActivitySplashBindingImpl.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ActivitySplashBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/shalitha/app/databinding/ItemShimmerBreakingNewsListingBinding.java
 com.shalitha.app.databinding.ItemShimmerBreakingNewsListingBinding
